**IMPORTANT:** THIS SOFTWARE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (“EULA”) IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND Tsinghua University. READ IT CAREFULLY BEFORE COMPLETING THE INSTALLATION PROCESS AND USING THE SOFTWARE. IT PROVIDES A LICENSE TO USE THE SOFTWARE AND CONTAINS WARRANTY INFORMATION AND LIABILITY DISCLAIMERS. BY INSTALLING AND USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE CONFIRMING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND AGREEING TO BECOME BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, THEN SELECT THE "CANCEL" BUTTON. DO NOT INSTALL THE SOFTWARE AND RETURN THE SOFTWARE TO YOUR PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A FULL REFUND.

THIS EULA SHALL APPLY ONLY TO THE SOFTWARE SUPPLIED BY Tsinghua University HEREWITH REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OTHER SOFTWARE IS REFERRED TO OR DESCRIBED HEREIN.

## DEFINITIONS

(a) "Ceagle" and "Software" refers to Tsinghua University's Ceagle program, in each case, supplied by Tsinghua University herewith, and corresponding documentation, associated media, and online or electronic documentation.

(b) "Tsinghua University" means Tsinghua University.  

(c) "Free Version" or "Freeware Version" or "Freeware Edition" or "Personal Edition" means a free version of the Software for personal use only, so identified, to be used only for non-profit projects. The Free Version is fully functional, without restrictions of any kind but may contain messages in the end product stating that they have been created using the Free Version of the Software.

(d) "Registered Version" means a version which has been bought to Tsinghua University.

(e) "Educational Version" means a version which has been bought to Tsinghua University by an educational institution and may only be provided to students and employees of the institution. The Educational Version may have limited functionalities and/or usage restrictions.

## LIABILITY DISCLAIMER

THE Ceagle PROGRAM IS DISTRIBUTED "AS IS". NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND IS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK. NEITHER THE AUTHORS NOR Tsinghua University WILL BE LIABLE FOR DATA LOSS, DAMAGES AND LOSS OF PROFITS OR ANY OTHER KIND OF LOSS WHILE USING OR MISUSING THIS SOFTWARE.

## RESTRICTIONS

You may not use, copy, emulate, clone, rent, lease, sell, modify, decompile, disassemble, otherwise reverse engineer, or transfer any version of the Software, or any subset of it, except as provided for in this agreement. Any such unauthorized use shall result in immediate and automatic termination of this license and may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution. 

## FOR Ceagle FREE VERSION ONLY

(a) Any Help File or associated intermediate files generated by Ceagle Free Version MUST NOT be used for, or in relation with, any commercial or business purpose, whether "for profit" or "not for profit". Any work performed or produced as a result of use of this Software cannot be performed or produced for the benefit of other parties for a fee, compensation or any other reimbursement or remuneration.

(b) The Ceagle Free version may be freely distributed, with exceptions noted below, provided the distribution package is not modified in ANY WAY.

(c) The Ceagle Free version may not be distributed inside of any other software package without written permission of Tsinghua University.

(d) The Ceagle Free version allows the user to publish its work according to the license agreement, but nor Tsinghua University nor any member of the company can be held liable for the content of the publication.

## FOR Ceagle REGISTERED VERSION ONLY

(a) Single-User (per seat) Licenses: You may install and use the Software on a single computer to design, develop, and test the Software's output. Installation on a second computer, such as a laptop and a desktop computer, is permitted if it is guaranteed that you are the exclusive user of both computers.

(b) Multiple-User (floating) Licenses: You may install and use the enclosed Software on a server to design, develop, and test the Software's output. Use of the Software is limited by the number of floating licenses owned. Only one user per floating license owned may use the software at the same time.

(c) The Ceagle Registered version allows the registered user to publish its work according to the license agreement, but nor Tsinghua University nor any member of the company can be held liable for the content of the publication.

(d) The Ceagle Registered version guaranties to the registered user free updates for a whole version cycle and for at least 12 (twelve) months.

## FOR Ceagle EDUCATIONAL VERSION ONLY

(a) You may install and use the Software on a single computer; OR install and store the Software on a storage device, such as a network server, used only to install the Software on your other computers over an internal network, provided you have a license for each separate computer on which the Software is installed and run. A license for the Software may not be shared, installed or used concurrently on different computers.

(b) The Software may be used on a single computer solely for individual and personal "technology enthusiast" purposes, personal education and study (including educational-related research), or administrative use in support of the educational institution. It may not be used for any commercial or business purpose, whether "for profit" or "not for profit." Any work performed or produced as a result of use of this Software cannot be performed or produced for the benefit of other parties for a fee, compensation or any other reimbursement or remuneration.

(c) The Ceagle Educational version allows the registered user to publish its work according to the license agreement, but nor Tsinghua University nor any member of the company can be held liable for the content of the publication.

(d) The Ceagle Educational version guaranties to the registered user free updates for a whole version cycle and for at least 12 (twelve) months.

## TERMS

This license is effective until terminated. You may terminate it by destroying the program, the documentation and copies thereof. This license will also terminate if you fail to comply with any terms or conditions of this agreement. You agree upon such termination to destroy all copies of the program and of the documentation, or return them to the author.

## OTHER RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS

All other rights and restrictions not specifically granted in this license are reserved by authors.

